Fix trailing whitespace before extracted style tags (#1136)
withastro/compiler: .changeset/fix-trailing-whitespace.md

---
"@astrojs/compiler": patch
---

> Fixes trailing whitespace being preserved before style tags when they are extracted

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixes a bug where trailing whitespaces were preserved before `<style>` tags after transformation, in certain cases. Now trailing whitespaces are correctly removed.
```

Different wording, it took me a while to understand the actual bug and fix
